He then told me he will die without me.
When I said that I didn't care, he said 'OK.
I'll kill myself!' and then held his breath in attempt to suffocate himself.
I can't believe I dated this idiot.
I paid €100 to have a tube shoved down my genitals.
I discovered I have dandruff, which I never had before.
I googled the possible reasons and those are depression and hormones.
Not only have I not had sex for a year, but it's also the reason I have dandruff.
And apparently I'm depressed.
How sexy is that?
after we'd let an author rent out our cabin, we read in the book of poems he wrote while staying that he'd described how he enjoyed sitting on our table naked.
The same table we often eat off.
I found out the hard way that you can get carpal tunnel from masturbating.
I overheard my parents in the kitchen talking about how they wanted to try anal tonight.
There is over three and a half feet of snow outside, leaving me no way to escape the horrible sounds and mental images yet to come.
I married a wonderful man.
Even though both of us were no longer virgins, we decided to wait until marriage to sleep together.
He just told me I was the worst he's ever had.
I found out why my cell phone has been going missing every night for the last few months.
My sister has been borrowing it so she can hold it against her crotch and repeatedly push the vibrate button.
I realized it feels better when I sneeze than when my boyfriend and I have sex.
my fiancé and I were cuddling on the couch watching TV when we started kissing.
As I crawled onto his lap and started to unzip his pants, he said, You're blocking the TV.
while having sex, I found out that I'm so flexible that when I bend over backwards, the backs of my knees can touch my shoulders.
My boyfriend is now extremely jealous and is debating about breaking up with me.
Even I don't get it.
I had to take an emergency contraceptive.
I was talking to my boyfriend about it, and I told him that my stomach really hurt.
His response? Aw.
That's just the baby dying.
my mom was snooping around my room, and found the unopened box of glow in the dark condoms I bought myself year ago.
She laughed and said, No takers yet, eh?
I was going down on my girlfriend.
I thought everything was going well, then all of a sudden she gets up and screams at me IT'S NOT A TACO EATING COMPETITION, CHILL OUT.
after some passionate love making with my husband, I accidentally farted on his leg.
He shrieked and frantically began shaking his leg while screaming, Get it off!  Get it off!
I had to explain to my boyfriend why I'd be angry if he had a foursome with 3 other people.
I desperately tried to explain to my boyfriend why he shouldn't talk about the bible during sex.
He honestly doesn't understand.
my boyfriend walked in on me in the bathroom.
That's how he found out that I wax my nipples.
I went to my not so technologically advanced grandma's house to help her out with her computer.
It appears she has very interesting conversations with the man who lives in the apartment above her.
my girlfriend called me and asked me if I wanted to have phone sex with her.
We got into it.
It took us 13 minutes to figure out my mom had been on the other line the whole time.
my boyfriend and I were having sex while his parents were out.
They came home early, ran upstairs and knocked on the door.
Scrambling to find our clothes, we gave up and just hid under the blankets.
They barge in, drunk and laughing, and tried ripping the covers off.
I found out the girl I gave my virginity to gave me gonorrhea.
I had surgery on my girl parts and can't have sex for six weeks.
My boyfriend sees no need to spend any time with me until I heal up.
I woke up next to my best friend after lots of drinking and the best sex I've ever had in my life.
The only problem is we're both straight males.
I was having the best sex with my husband, and right when I reached climax, he shouted Abracadabra!
while at a party, a cute topless woman sat next to me to flirt with the guy on the other end of the couch.
This is the closest I've been to a pair of boobs in 3 years.
I went to my boyfriend's house and sat around while he played video games.
He turned to me and could see I was annoyed.
Then he told his friends on XBox Live that he needed a 10 minute break to have sex with me.
I was in bed, about to fall asleep, when I remembered something funny.
While trying not to laugh, I started grunting and biting my lip, when suddenly my brother walked by my door.
He refuses to believe that I wasn't masturbating.
I found out that to save on expenses, my wife booked a very small hotel room for ourselves and the kids while we visit Disney World.
I've been officially cockblocked by Mickey Mouse.
I found out that the mysterious yellow mould that won't come off my apartment floor is in fact the remains of a condom my room-mate used when she was f*cking her boyfriend in my bed.
Afterwards, she apparently threw it on the floor and let it lie there.
For three weeks.
my boyfriend renamed all the contacts in my phone to see if I'd notice.
Thanks to him, I've been sending dirty texts to my boss.
The worst part is my boss was responding back.
I downloaded an application for my phone that reads whatever you type out loud.
I started making it say things like You like it when daddy spanks your tight little ass don't you? Just as the message was playing back out loud, my mom walked up the stairs.
my girlfriend said It's funny how every time we have sex I'm wearing these panties.
We've been having sex every day for the last six days.
my girlfriend told me she was bored.
During sex.
I have a condition that, when I pull my foreskin back, it looks as if a rubber band has been put on it.
The doctor told me the only way to fix it was to have me circumcised.
My mum laughed, then asked him if he had a magnifying lens to do it.
my Dad gave me the dreaded sex talk, but he got sidetracked and started talking about how good my mum was in bed.
I was driving with my mother.
The ride was 2 hours long.
For the first hour, she talked about how uncomfortable sex is the first time.
For the second, she talked about how I should take accordion lessons.
while sitting on the couch, my boyfriend came over, pulled his penis out of his fly, and started stabbing me in the face with it while humming the Jaws theme.
it's my birthday.
I was excited because of all the wall posts I got on Facebook.
Then I saw I got a Happy Birthday from the girl my boyfriend cheated on me with.
whilst nibbling on my husband's ear, I swallowed a lump of his earwax.
my mother walked in on me rubbing $400 in $20 bills all over myself.
someone at work put their used, bloodied tampon applicator back in its wrapper, and into the free tampon bin for some sucker to grab.
That sucker was me.
I found out that the candy bracelet my sister gave me a few days ago was actually a candy cock ring she'd used on her boyfriend just a few hours prior.
Apparently, she didn't like the taste.
I however, did.
I yet again had to explain to my boyfriend how sleeping with another person is cheating.
It's been three days, and almost as many fights.
He still doesn't get it.
I was busily having fun with my girlfriend, when suddenly the bedroom door opened and a man walked in, picked me up, and threw me outside the apartment.
I was naked and didn't even know she was into men, much less had a husband.
my boyfriend woke me up by playing with the string of my tampon.
I realized how out of shape I am, when I couldn't finish masturbating because I ran out of breath.
I found out that the white marks on my pillow aren't from me drooling in my sleep like I originally thought.
My roommate used my pillow to help support her lower back during intercourse with her hookup from last night.
It was my birthday and my friends came to celebrate it.
My parents thought it would be funny to give me a vibrator in front of everybody.
my girlfriend's parents walked in on us having sex.
Not only did her dad make me walk out to my truck with no clothes on, he is my baseball coach and I will be seeing him on Monday.
I found out that applying toothpaste to your penis to make it taste good for your girlfriend is not a good idea.
my mother got me to guess who she spent the night with.
I then find out it was the gas station guy.
The same creep that I've been complaining about because he hits on me every time I go get gas.
Good pick Mom.
I finally found out whether or not my boyfriend is cheating on me.
Turns out he isn't.
He is cheating on his wife, with me.
I had to re-take an hour long MRI scan because I got an erection midway through.
I was about to get it on with a girl in the bathroom of my friend's house at a party.
Just when things started getting heated, a pipe burst.
Literally.
There was water everywhere and everyone had to evacuate the building.
I was cockblocked by poor plumbing.
my boyfriend was going down on me.
Right as I was really getting into it, he pauses, frowns, and says, I think I see the pee hole.
I went to babysit.
I was told the parents would be gone when I arrived.
I went and started playing with the kids.
All of a sudden I heard a scream.
I opened the parents' door with a knife in hand to find them having sex.
I got paid so adults could get laid.
While I was there.
6 ft.
away.
I was dressing in my apartment when I noticed I left the blinds open.
Outside, a maintenance man was mowing the grass within eyeshot.
I figured I'd leave the blinds open and give him a little peek of the goods.
Later I found a note on my window saying, 'Next time, close the blinds'.
I was at my new apartment.
My fiance was coming home so I filled the apartment with candles and put on some sexy music.
When he came up to my door, I answered the door, naked.
What I didn't know was that he was bringing his dad to see the new apartment.
I went to a bar with two guys I was interested in.
The first I'd been trying to go out with all semester.
The second I had gone to dinner with and he seemed nice.
I was the designated driver.
They drank too much and, on the way home, hooked up in the back seat.
I performed in my school play.
Right before my big solo, I noticed a few girls changing backstage and I became aroused.
The play was Jesus Christ Superstar, and I was playing Jesus.
All I was wearing was a little cloth, so the whole audience saw Jesus get hard during the crucifixion.
cops showed up at my apartment demanding to look inside.
Satisfied with the search, they told me they had received a noise complaint.
More specifically, hearing screams someone believed a girl was getting raped.
I had two friends over and we had been wrestling.
The three of us are male.
My girlfriend and I were watching TV, randomly she starts to undo my  belt buckle, unzips my fly and then takes my pants off.
Right as I'm starting to get really excited she says to me Just Joking.
I was having sex with my boyfriend.
He knows that I love when he breaths on my neck.
When I was about to finish he put his lips a millimeter away from my neck/ear and breathed, I love how you smell like my grandmother's house.
I handed the keys to my Mustang to my mom so she could go car shopping.
As she pulled away, I remembered the condom wrappers, sex toy packaging, and empty bottle of rum that was in the passenger's seat of my car.
I'm twenty.
at a family Seder, (a Jewish service for Passover),  my mom served matzah balls during the festive meal.
Considering how much I love matzah balls and there aren't many options for me to eat because I'm a vegetarian, I shouted, I like really big balls! in front of my entire family.
my grandmother gave me a huge speech on being abstinent until marriage.
Being the honest person that I am, I told her I wasn't a virgin anymore.
Instead of being mad and telling me I was going to hell.
She asked me what my favourite things to do sexually were.
And told me hers in detail.
I had hooked up with this girl and had finally lulled her asleep.
I didn't want to stay so I quietly managed to get my clothes back on and get out the door without waking her.
I made it all the way out of her building and to my car before I realized I had forgotten my keys.
I asked my girl friend of a year and a half to give me a blow job.
She replied okay and bent down and blew on my penis.
Then she looked up at me and said was that good.
She was serious.
I was fooling around with someone I had met at a club, in my room.
It got really heated, and I was really getting into this guy, until he lifts up my leg and asks Can I lick your leg?
I was reminded that I used by dad's camera all summer to take naked pictures for boyfriend when my dad sent me an email saying: FYI: when you delete pictures directly off the camera they get uploaded as trash files when the camera is connected to the computer.
He saw them all.
my boyfriend and I were having sex.
The TV was on with the volume low, as we had been too preoccupied to turn it off.
All of the sudden, my boyfriend stopped mid-thrust.
He was watching the TV.
House was on.
My boyfriend stopped to watch the differential diagnosis.
I was playing with my pet hamster and I decided to put it down my pants for fun.
It started running around and I actually got aroused.
My mom then walked into my room to see me with an erection and my pet hamster poking his head out of the hole in my boxers.
I was flirting via text with a coworker.
Things started getting heated, and I wanted to send her a sexy picture.
I asked if she had any suggestions.
She said, Your nuts! She meant, YOU'RE nuts.
I sent her a photo of my junk.
I offended a co-worker with incriminating evidence.
I was going to have sex with my Hispanic boyfriend.
I wanted to turn him on, so I asked my friend how to say fuck me in Spanish.
She claimed it was 'pollo frito'.
I then had sex, constantly screaming 'pollo frito' for an hour.
I later realized I was screaming fried chicken.
I went on a date with a guy for the first time.
We went to Starbucks and got coffee.
We talked for awhile, and we were joking and having a good time.
Suddenly, he put his hand on my stomach and said, soon, this will be plump with my seed.
I was having sex with a girl I had just met.
After about 5 minutes in, she said she had to go to the bathroom.
So we stopped and she went to the bathroom.
After waiting around 10 min, I decided to check if she was ok.
The window was open.
She was gone.
my girlfriend broke up with me.
She gave me back the brand new box of 12 condoms that I had bought and left at her house.
There were 8 left and I wasn't the one who opened them.
completely nude, I had to collect my clothes around the boy’s apartment I have been sleeping with for awhile.
While his girlfriend watched to make sure I “got the fuck out.
”
I thought I heard my little sister playing on my brand new grand piano.
Angry, I ran downstairs to stop her.
My parents were having sex.
On my piano.
I logged onto my computer to access a video from my porn stash.
However, the folder was empty except for my favourite file.
Thinking that a virus deleted everything, I was thankful my favourite file remained.
When I opened it, I saw a video of my parents telling me not to masturbate.
was the first time my boyfriend slept over.
He was hard, so I woke him up by whispering in his ear, If you could get me to do anything right now, what would it be? His response, Can you get me a bowl of mint chocolate chip ice cream? He was hard, for ice cream.
my boyfriend was in the shower, and I decided to go join him.
I took all my clothes off and stepped into the bathroom.
I slipped on some water, and ended up hitting my head on the toilet and passing out.
When I came to, I saw my boyfriend's dad looking over me in his towel.
Wrong person.
my grandma gave me the 'abstinence' speech.
I had thought she already left to go back to FL but then came into my room to tell me how proud she was of me to keep my virginity.
I was doing it doggie-style with my boyfriend.
My family and I were in New Orleans.
We passed by all of the naughty peep shows with posters of naked women everywhere on the way to dinner.
At the restaurant, my dad asks me if that was the first pair of boobs I have seen.
My mom butted in saying, Nah, remember all that porn we found?
I found out that because of my high blood pressure I can't have sex for one month.
My wedding is next weekend and the following two weeks are my honey moon.
I was on MSN with my friend and my 9 year old brother.
My friend asked me for some advice about how to give a guy a good blowjob.
I went into great detail, and then realised that I had typed it to the wrong window.
I gave my little brother tips on how to perform fellatio.
I came home to find a sock I previously used to whack off on my bed with googly eyes and a mouth drawn on it with a note that read Because you can't find a real girl, I made your current one prettier, Love Mom.
I decided to take a nap.
My boyfriend gave me some sleeping pills but I decided last minute not to take them.
I woke up to my boyfriend kissing my neck and unbuttoning my shirt.
Without opening my eyes, I whispered ooh this is so romantic.
He blurted out shocked, Oh.
.
.
you're awake?!
we were swimming in gym class.
There are some cute girls in our class and they were wearing their bikinis.
I was looking at them when I got an erection but since I was underwater I thought no one would see.
I'm on the diving team so my teacher asked me to demonstrate a dive to the class.
I was having sex with this girl I met in stats class when my roommate walked in.
He started applauding and said, $20 bucks for me! I knew you weren't gay! Him and my other roommate had a bet.
They are my best friends.
I woke up to 70 new text messages and 100 calls all from numbers I didn't know.
The night before I got into a heated argument with my old best friend about who was prettier.
She got mad and posted my number on craigslist.
com as a prostitute.
Apparently I won.
my boyfriend and I had sex for the first time.
After what seemed like an eternity of waiting, he finally entered me, then paused and asked me, what do I do now?
my girlfriend told me how I am too occupied with work for our relationship.
Before we had sex I told my friend to call me in ten minutes so I can pretend its my boss and I would throw the phone away to impress her.
He called me in ten minutes, but I only lasted five.
the C-train was packed and I was stuck with a homeless man pressed up against me.
He was staring at me intently, and two minutes into the ride he got an erection, which was rubbed against me at every single bump and turn of the train.
I was ringing an old man up in the local grocery store when I had realized all he was buying was 3 bottles of vodka and a box of condoms.
While I was loading the bags into his cart he laid his hand on my shoulder and told me I'd take you home with me but chances are I would be arrested.
I was having sex with my boyfriend.
All of a sudden he jumped off of me, going shit, shit!.
Worried, i asked him what was wrong.
He shouted I forgot to set my TiVO!
I was at my boyfriends house and we were having sex.
He has a game on in the background and one of his friends started talking to him.
He immediately threw me off and said I have to answer this.
He went over to his computer and started talking to them.
I was in my room with the door locked and my mom knocked on the door.
I said don't come in, i'm naked! She said That's okay! so she unlocked the door and walked in.
I was masturbating.
I was on the phone with my boyfriend.
We were feeling a little naughty, so we started talking dirty.
I was really into describing a sweaty sex scene, when I heard my dad cough.
He had picked up the phone to make a call and had heard it all.
I finally convinced a girl that I liked to have sex.
I decided to swoop her off the feet like the movies and carry her to my bed.
I ended up hitting her head on the door frame, knocking her out.
I was riding in the car with my new boyfriend.
He had 'something serious' to tell me.
He started to emotionally confess his addiction to masturbation.
In detail.
The drive was 2 hours long.
I met a really attractive guy outside of a club.
We came back to my apartment and had sex.
Afterward, we both fell asleep.
I woke up and found 20 dollars on my nightstand that wasn't there before.
He thought I was a prostitute, and apparently a cheap one.
my wife has been singing I can't get no satisfaction by the Rolling Stones, all morning.
She started singing it right after we had sex.
after having sex with my boyfriend I went into his shower to freshen up.
Where I saw an open bottle of pubic lice shampoo.
my over-protective mom decided to do a blacklight test on my room to make sure I wasn't doing the naughty in my bed.
The bed was clean.
My face wasn't.
I tried having intercourse with my boyfriend, and about 30 seconds in, I heard flipping.
He was looking at a porn magazine.
It's to keep my erection he answered.
I was going down on my girlfriend when I noticed a hickey near her hip.
I said, wow, last night was crazy, I don't even remember doing that!.
Without even interrupting the action, she simply said, You didn't.
I was feeling sick and having trouble breathing easily.
I decided to take a nap and apparently ended up sleeping with my mouth wide open since breathing was an issue.
I woke up to my boyfriend trying to put his penis in my mouth.
my parents were helping me construct my bed.
We ended up not having enough screws to properly secure the frame.
My dad mentioned that it might cause problems if I got a girl into my bed.
My mom said, Don't worry about it, we all know that's not going to happen.
my girlfriend came up to me and told me we would never do anything sexual in our relationship.
She said I was too adorable to take seriously in bed.
this girl and I were chilling in my apartment and things got heated up and we started making out.
One thing lead to another and the next thing I knew she was giving me head.
I was getting ready to bust when she stopped, looked up into my eyes and said Do you believe in Jesus?
I went out with this girl I really liked and she came back to my place.
Things were heating up and we ended up having sex and I was on top.
I was really into it and in the middle of it she held up her wrist and said oh, look at the time, I gotta get home.
She wasn't wearing a watch.
I met my girlfriend's very religious parents for dinner.
Somehow we got to talking about her groin hernias that were repaired as a baby.
I never knew she had hernias repaired and said, But she doesn't have any scars down there.
There was a long awkward silence.
I wanted to surprise my boyfriend by dressing up in sexy lingerie.
When I went to answer the door he was standing there with a shocked expression, his friends parked in the driveway had the same expression as well.
He came to break up with me.
He told me after we had sex.
I finally had my tongue piercing heal up so I decided to try oral on my girl.
Unfortunately, she has a hood piercing that got caught on my tongue ring, and neither of us could get them apart.
We had to call my mom in to solve the problem.
I bought body chocolate to use in bed with my boyfriend in the hopes of spicing things up.
Everything was going  great, until I tasted it.
It was disgusting and actually made me gag a little.
Later, my boyfriend checked the label and started laughing.
It had expired 3 years ago.
my boyfriend came over for dinner, but couldn't eat because he had just gotten his tongue pierced.
My grandpa heard this, winked at my boyfriend and said Can't eat now, but I bet that's all you'll be doing in a few weeks.
.
.
My super protective father was sitting right next to him.
my girl handcuffed me to the bed.
I willingly let her thinking we were about to have some fun.
She then took my phone and read a sent message; 'Wanna hook up?' to my ex.
She left me cuffed and blindfolded, and painted my nails before she left.
The sent message was from before I met her.
I had my car stolen.
When the police found it, pretty much everything inside was missing.
For some reason, I had left 6 pairs of shoes in my back seat.
Whoever stole my car thought it would be funny to take one shoe from each pair.
I now own 6 unmatched shoes and my car smells like sex.
my 11 year old brother walked in on me sitting on my boyfriend's ass and giving him a back massage.
He tilted his head a little and then said Aren't you guys doing it wrong? Isn't he supposed to be on top? My boyfriend laughed and gave him a high-five.
I had a blacklight in my room for an upcoming party.
Just for fun, I decided to shine it on my loft bed, and the comforter lit up like a Christmas tree, as did several spots on the floor underneath.
I don't have a boyfriend, but my roommate does.
I was having sex with my girlfriend of nine months when she gets a phone call and decides to answer it.
It was her fiance that I knew nothing about.
She told me she was engaged while I was still inside of her.
I was on a third date with a girl.
Things had been going really well.
At one point, the conversation lulled.
After a moment of silence, she asked me what my greatest fantasy was.
I told her that it was being a superhero.
She told me that she meant sexual fantasy.
I'm 25.
when I walked into work all of my co-workers were giggling and asking How was YOUR night last night?.
Last night I had sex for the first time with someone I'm seeing secretly (with good reason).
That person is my boss.
He told everyone.
my crush and I were hooking up and as he slipped his hands up my shirt in order to feel me up he started rubbing around my whole torso.
When I asked him what he was doing he replied well I was looking for your boobs but apparently you have none
I texted my boyfriend to see if he wanted to finally have sex today.
His response was Can't, Platinum just came out.
I didn't know what that meant so I searched Platinum 3-22-2009 on Google.
I found out he's talking about a new Pokemon game.
I was having sex with my boyfriend.
His mom called to him from the next room telling him dinner would be ready soon, he needed to move his car, etc.
They had a 5 minute conversation.
.
.
while he was still inside me.
my school handed out the new yearbook.
I was so excited to be on the cover page in a  group shot with all my friends until I realized that I was having a boner at the time the pic was taken.
These books go out to the whole school.
Everyone noticed.
I wrote my boyfriend a sexy letter designed to arouse him.
I described what I wanted us to do to each other in the most erotic way.
Later, he came up to me and hugged me, saying it was the funniest thing he ever read and he's glad he's in love with a girl with such a great sense of humor.
my parents were out so I invited my girlfriend over.
It was the afternoon, and things started to heat up.
We were having sex, and I was about to finish.
Then I looked through the window, to see a construction worker (who was fixing the house next to mine) giving me a thumbs up.
He's her dad.
I awoke to the sound of my dad knocking on my dorm room door for a surprise visit.
He's barely outside the door and I pull the door open and say hey, when my roommate strips naked pulls the door open, kisses me on the cheek, says in an uber-gay voice, Thanks for last night, and leaves.
my boyfriend and I had sex for the first time.
I started stroking the back of his neck with both of my hands.
He told me, Your hands are nice and smooth like my grandmother's.
I was with a group of friends at a bar, and we were all talking about whether we were moaners, screamers, or quiet during sex.
My boyfriend said that he was a moaner, which I contradicted.
Completely straightfaced, he said, Well, I am when it's good.
was my first serious photoshoot as a male model for a high-end clothing line.
It was a nude photoshoot, with kind of an Adam and Eve theme.
After the first couple of pictures with the extremly sexy female model, I got a boner.
There were still 100 shots left to go.
my boyfriend was really stressed about a guy he works with being a jerk.
I told him if you ignore something long enough, it won't bother you anymore.
His response was I've ignored my herpes for a long time but it still bothers me.
We've been having sex for 3 months now.
I had to sleep in the same room as my grandparents.
They checked to see if I was asleep, so I pretended to be to avoid getting scolded for staying up.
Turns out they were checking so that they could make love.
I witnessed two 70-year-olds have sex in the bed next to me for 20 minutes.
my husband of 9 years announced he was gay.
He insinuated that he was only able to achieve erections because I looked like a man.
I went over to surprise my girlfriend of two years with flowers and dinner at her apartment.
After i knocked, a handsome young man answered the door.
Thinking I had the wrong apartment, I apologized only to hear my girlfriend's voice call from the background: Baby, who's there?
I went into my older brother's room to get a condom.
This happened the other day too when my boyfriend forgot one.
So I went in there today and there was a note that said Little Sister, stop using my condoms.
And your boyfriend sounds like a girl when he climaxes.
I had my girlfriend over and we were hugging when she put her feet on my feet.
We started walking around like that and I said, This is hard to maintain.
She replied with So's your erection.
my boyfriend and I decided to have sex.
I was a virgin and he wasn't.
About 30 seconds in he collapsed on me.
I thought he was joking around and I started laughing.
He wasn't joking.
He was done.
after sex with my girlfriend, I thought it would be sexy to wear her underwear until we saw each other again.
I found a pair in her bathroom, but they definitely weren't her sexy ones.
Her mom walked in on me to collect the laundry and screeched What are you doing with my panties!
I decided to have sex for the first time with my boyfriend.
It was his first time too.
While in bed, he blankly stopped and stood up and got out a piece of paper from his pockets.
Turns out, he had written instructions on what to do while in bed, and forgot what he had to do next.
I was enjoying my last day of Spring Break in Panama City.
I got up to dance on the stage at the Holiday Inn in front of hundreds of college kids.
I tried to be sexy by turning around and bending over.
My friends took pictures and my bloody tampon string was hanging out the whole time.
I got a call from the hospital that my fiance was in the ER.
When I arrived at the hospital they told me that he had a heart attack while making love.
when I was at the gynecologist my dr told me that I was really tense and the exam would be impossible if I didnt relax.
So I started thinking about my boyfriend to relax and my mind went back to our last sex session.
I started getting wet.
I decided to surprise my boyfriend at his college and when I walked into the dorm he was lying in his bed with another girl.
When he saw me he simply said, April Fool's! It's March 19th.
my boyfriend and I were at his house having sex.
After about 30 minutes, his mom came home and was knocking on the door asking What are you doing? Thinking I might have a chance to sneak out, I got dressed real quiet.
Then my boyfriend answers, Zoe.
I'm doing Zoe.
I saw a video in class about women aged 65+ and their sex lives.
An elderly, blind woman was having sex at her senior's home.
I don't know what's worse, watching an hour-long documentary on this, or the fact that these women are having way more sex than I am.
I saw an attractive man outside the club I was trying to get into to.
We talked, and ended up having sex in my apartment.
The next day when I was dropping him off, I discovered he was homeless and was outside the club begging for money.
My house is suddenly out of bread and cheese.
I was nude modeling for the first time for a life art class.
The only criteria for the class was that I not move at all while being observed.
After a few seconds I noticed a really hot girl drawing me.
I got a hard on.
I was taking a shower with my new boyfriend for the first time.
Last night was the first night we spent together.
As I was washing my hair, I looked down at my feet and noticed yellow water.
Some of the warm water I felt on my feet was not from the shower head.
I asked my boyfriend while he was eating potato chips if he wanted to eat me.
He looked at the potato chips, he looked at me and said Unless your vagina turns into a potato chip, I'd rather eat these.
my boyfriend and I had sex for the first time.
Afterwards we went to Applebees for dinner, then after we'd ate I asked How was it? he says It was terrible, to which I said The food was that bad? He replies No, the sex.
I woke up, completely naked, in bed with a guy I met the night before.
We were both drunk the night before and I had agreed to go home with him.
The reason I woke up was that someone was knocking on his bedroom door.
Turns out he lives with his mom and she made us pancakes.
I was completely naked in my boyfriend's bed.
Suddenly his mom yelled that she was coming in so that she could get to the attic.
I pulled a blanket up to my neck, hoping she would think I was cold.
She had to step over my bra and panties on her way to the attic.
me and my boyfriend came back to my house after a night on the town.
Thinking the house was empty, we had sex.
Just as it was getting good my phone rings.
It was a text from my mom, Quiet down.
Even your father can tell you're faking.
I was having sex with my girlfriend when she started moaning and breathing heavily.
I thought she was getting hot and was about to cum.
Unfortunetly, she soon said, I'm bored, let's play a board game.
She was sighing, not moaning.
I was walking through Macy's with my girlfriend.
I stopped to admire a mannequin's ass, joking with my girlfriend like I was touching it.
Then I slapped it.
It wasn't a mannequin.
I texted my boyfriend of 6 months saying that I was in the mood, and that I was in bed, and naked.
He texted back saying U got fingers, use them, im going to bed xoxo.
my dad gave me a promise ring on my one year anniversary with my boyfriend and made me swear I would wait til marriage.
Four hours later he walked in on us having sex in my bedroom.
I was sifting through my parents old home movies.
I put in one and was horrified to see my parents having sex.
I immediatly ejected the tape and looked at the label.
It said Bermuda, 1989.
They've told me I was conceived in Bermuda around that time.
I've seen my own conception.
my boyfriend and I decided to have sex at his house.
When we got there, he checked his mail box first and noticed that his Wii game arrived.
He sent me home so he can play.
I fell asleep in history class.
I was dreaming about my history teacher.
When I woke up everyone stared at me rather weirdly and the teacher wasn't there.
Turns out I was moaning my history teachers name through my sleep.
I texted my college boyfriend to tell him how terrible I felt about cheating.
He replied saying he was so relieved because he had been cheating on me with a girl in his dorm.
I was talking about my math exam.
I was filling out paperwork with my new doctor.
During the questionnaire, she asked if I was sexually active.
I said yes.
She then asked, What do you do? I told her I normally did vaginal, but sometimes anal.
She blushed and started to laugh.
She was asking where I worked.
I was fooling around with my girlfriend for the first time.
She put her hand on my penis over my jeans and said Get hard for me.
I was hard.
I was out with my friend.
My six year old daughter was also with us.
While we were walking through the parking lot, my daughter asked me in a very loud voice Mommy, does a blow job taste bad?
my parents were taking a tour of my apartment when my bird started making noises.
It was mimicking my moans from when I was having sex yesterday.
It was screaming in my voice, very noticeably.
I was having sex with a guy I met and in the middle of it his mother called him.
After stopping to answer the phone, he tried to put me on with her because she didn't believe anyone would actually sleep with him.
I went for a jog in my neighborhood.
While I was running I passed my girlfriend's parents who were out for a walk.
Trying to make a good impression, I stopped to talk.
When I got home I realized I was wearing a shirt that friends gave me as a joke.
It said Blow me, bitch.
It's my b-day.
I was talked into having sex with my boyfriend of 4 years.
I had always wanted to wait till marriage but my boyfriend convinced me otherwise.
Once we were done, he said he could never marry me because I was no longer pure.
I was sitting in math class when I glanced over to the other side of the room and the hottest girl in the school is over there.
I could see her thong so I instantly got a boner.
About a minute later my teacher calls me up to the board to do a problem.
I wore basketball shorts that day.
I came back from a hike to see my trailer rocking, as well as some strange but obvious noises coming from it.
I went camping alone.
Two strangers were in my camper having sex.
my boyfriend and I were about to have sex.
Just as things were heating up, my closet door flew open and my little brother ran out screaming, Mom, they're doing it, come quick! My mom paid my 9 year old brother to spy on me.
me and my boyfriend were just about to have sex and I was so excited to do it just like the movies.
He carried me up and just as he was about to lay me on the bed he sneezed, dropping me at the same time.
I hit my head.
Now I have 12 stitches where my eyebrow used to be.
my mom was helping me clean out stuff from college.
She opened a box and took out some anal beads I got as a gag gift.
She asked, What are these? I answered, They are for massaging your back.
She then insisted I show her.
I massaged my mother with anal beads.
I decided to tell my mom about my choice to wait to have sex until after marriage.
Coming from a very christian family I thought she would be proud.
Instead she laughed and said, is that your excuse for not being able to get laid? and walked out of the room.
my mom told my boyfriend all about how she had to be a parent volunteer when I was in kindergarten.
Apparently I used to masturbate in class by rubbing myself against the edges of chairs and tables.
The teacher thought it would be best if my mom was there to make me stop.
my girlfriend was giving me head while I was watching Star Trek and I accidentally called her Spock.
I was running late for work so instead of walking the ten minutes to the office, I took a taxi.
The driver took the opportunity to share the story of his first sexual experience with a man.
In great detail.
I was eating lunch naked at my home watching porn on the big screen.
I heard the garage door opening meaning my roommate was coming home.
In my haste to get dressed, I fell back in the barstool I was sitting in and knocked myself out.
I woke up still naked and with lettuce all over me.
I was masturbating into a sock when I felt something on my cock.
I quickly ripped the sock off and threw it on the floor.
.
.
and watched a huge spider come scurrying out.
I just inadvertently fucked a spider.
I was watching a movie with my boyfriend and his parents.
It got to an intense sex scene.
I felt grateful when I saw his father reaching for the remote to fastforward past the scene.
He put it into slowmotion.
We watched in silence for about 3 minutes before he managed to fix it.
I walked behind a girl I hooked up with last weekend while she was on the computer in the library.
I noticed she was looking at my facebook page and got excited.
Then I heard her say to her friend, This is the one smallest penis I have ever seen.
I decided to call my wife while she was having a private lunch with my parents.
I began to tell her all the nasty things I was going to do to her in bed.
Halfway through my fantasy, she giggled and told me that she was going to take me off speakerphone.
I tried to prove to my dad that he snores by secretly putting a tape recorder under his bed.
I soon found out my parents had sex that night.
Apparently, my mom likes to talk dirty.
my boyfriend and I decided to have our first Cybering experience.
I downloaded Skype per his instructions, and hooked up my cam.
Just as everything started getting hot and heavy, I farted.
He stopped and frowned.
I had no idea it was a video AND voice program.
my boyfriend called, asking, before I could even talk, to bring a condom- NOW.
I had to smile at this request.
I went to his house.
A blond girl opened the door.
He followed shortly, surprised to see me.
I'm Celine.
She's Cecile.
Our names are one apart on his cell.
while showering in my dorm, a hand reaches through the curtain and grabs my ass.
I hit the person on the other side of the curtain.
He opened the curtain thinking that I was his girlfriend.
He apologized and he had sex with his girlfriend in the shower stall next to me.
my mom walked in on me masturbating.
I minimized the porn on my laptop so she wouldn't see I was watching it.
It turns out I was watching an old Beatles concert before I started masturbating.
My mom thought I was masturbating to the Beatles.
my boyfriend and I had sex for the first time in our relationship and it was great.
He drove me back to my house and walked me to the door, then instead of kissing me goodbye he patted me on the back.
Twice.
me and my boyfriend had some crazy rough sex.
In the process I ended up with huge bruises and bite marks all over my neck and chest.
I'm giving a speech on domestic violence today.
I was giving a friend a neck rub, when she started to breathe heavily.
So I figured she was getting into it, so I started kissing her neck, she then turns around and says Tell my room mate I'm having an asthma attack.
I was taking the subway to school.
It was around 6:30am and I was listening to music and catching up on homework.
When I took my headphones off to readjust them, I heard some grunting.
I looked over at the man across from me to see he was masturbating.
these kids in my math class told me to ask this girl if I could lick her clit.
I basically yelled 'what's a clit'? Everyone looked at me.
I'm a senior in high school, no one has yet to explain it to me.
I had to google it when i got home.
I had drunk sex with a girl that I barely know.
I didn't have a condom and was nervous about getting her pregnant, but she assured me that I could pull out.
Right when I was about to pull out, she wrapped her legs around me and yelled, BE MY BABY'S DADDY! I couldn't get out in time.
my mother and I went to Wal-Mart to buy pads.
I suggested I get tampons instead, so that I can go swimming at my boyfriend's cottage.
My mother then goes to the nearest store employee and asks, excuse me, if my daughter uses a tampon, does that mean she is no longer a virgin?
I was having birthday dinner with my girlfriend and her parents, when her Dad asked what I got her she replied He said he was going to give me a Pearl Necklace when we get home.
I realized then that my girlfriend did not know what I meant by 'Pearl Necklace.
'
my mom decided to give me a solid reason for not having pre-marital sex.
She told me that my future husband will want me to be tight for our first time.
My mom and I were on a ski lift.
The ride lasted 10 more uncomfortable minutes.
I was so drunk that my friends put me to bed during a party.
Later I find out that while I was passed out two of my friends came in and had sex while I was in the same bed.
They tried to use me as a prop.
Now my friends call me the love wedge.
I was walking down the street when I passed a construction site.
All of the workers started making a fuss and whistling, etc.
Naturally, I got very flustered.
I stood still for a second and faced them.
One yelled for me to move because I was in the way of a girl at a stop light.
I was reading my girlfriend's girly magazine.
There was an article stating that if a girl tells a guy his dick is the perfect size, she really means that it is too small.
My girlfriend claims everything is the magazine is right.
She told me my dick was the perfect size last weekend.
I got my first tattoo.
It was a surprise for my fiance: our names together over a heart.
I went home but before I could show him, he said we had to have a 'talk.
' Now my ex's name is tattooed on my back.
The kicker? Turns out I'm allergic to the ink.
I bragged to a coworker that our boss compliments me constantly on my work performance, my fashion sense, and my trustworthiness.
She then directed me to a neighborhood watch website.
My boss is a registered sex offender.
I was driving down the road when I got to a red light.
I looked over and saw a hot chick in a convertible so I spoke to my window thinking she couldn't hear me Hey girl, I may have a tiny dick but I make up for it in speed and stamina.
She looked over.
I forgot about the sunroof.
I left my parents house to drive 90 minutes back to college.
As I was getting off the exit for my school, I realized I left my bright pink vibrator sitting on my dresser back at home.
I had to run to catch my train, so I didn't get the chance to buy a ticket.
When the conductor was in sight, I saw he was a young man and I opened my top a little, in hopes of not having to pay a fine.
When I told him I didn't buy a ticket he said: Close your top, I'm gay.
I was sitting on my 70 year old grandmothers bed with my older brother.
I decided to snoop through the cabinet at the back of her bed, and I pulled out what I naively thought was a strange looking flashlight.
When I twisted the bottom of it to see what would happen it started vibrating.
I overheard my parents having sex.
Trying to be the reasonable person I was, I dismissed it, realizing that sex is just normal.
I quickly walked past their room when my cat ran past me into their room, cracking open the door.
Now my parents think I was peeping and need therapy.
I called a potential employer.
I left a message asking him to return my call.
When he did, my drunk friend answered my phone with I make a sexy-time with my mother in-law.
I called him back twice immediately to explain.
No answer.
That was my last hope for a decent job.
my daughter asked me when was the first time I had sex.
After I told her 22 she quickly shouted, Beat ya! She's thirteen.
my mother told me she didn't want my girlfriend spending the night anymore.
I asked why, she said she heard us doing the nasty the night before and I denied it, hoping I could call her bluff.
She paused for a moment and moaned EXACTLY like my girlfriend does.
I was at this awesome party and I was dancing with this really attractive girl who started making out with me all of a sudden.
Five minutes later, my friend told me that the girl had just given him a blowjob.
I was telling my boyfriend I had fake orgasms all the time to piss him off.
He replied: that's okay, I'm f***ing three other girls.
I was talking to my mom.
During the conversation she randomly asked me does he take his leg off when you guys are having sex? Referring to the guy I've been seeing who has a prosthetic leg.
My dad then asked does he beat you with it too if you've been naughty?
my friends decided it would be funny to give me a hickey with a vacuum cleaner while I was passed out drunk.
Not only do I have to try and explain this to my girlfriend, but we're meeting her parents for lunch this afternoon.
I had sex with my girlfriend.
Being the stud that I am, after a short time I turned to her and said You think you're ready for a round two? She replied No, but I do think I'm ready for the rest of round one.
I was having sex with my wife when my 14 year old daughter from her room texts me, Stop.
my very religious grandmother walked in on me masturbating.
She's sending me to bible camp.
for my two-year anniversary I got my girlfriend a very expensive diamond necklace.
She got me male enhancement pills.
I asked my girlfriend when she would give me a blowjob.
She replied, you know that won't happen, I'm a vegetarian.
I was on my way home from a friends house.
I called home ahead of time to let my parents know.
My dad picked up and in a panting voice said, Now isn't a good time, drive around the block for 15 minutes.
I was sitting in traffic for about an hour.
I've heard stories about people doing the dirty in their cars and I never do anything risky so I thought, why not, I'll be here a while, no one can see me: I'll masturbate.
Midway through I hear a tap on my driver's window.
Its a police officer.
my boyfriend and his family had invited me to go on a Tropical family trip with them.
When we got to the airport, security stopped me and opened my carry-on bag.
I'd forgotten about the no-liquids rule.
They took out a bottle of Massage Oil, Lube, Vagasil and Nair.
His whole family saw.
my boyfriend was coming over so I bought this sexy corset, some fishnets, silettos and see-through thong.
After my dad left I dressed up and a few minutes later the doorbell rang.
I answered it, whip in hand.
It was my dad.
He forgot his keys.
Im grounded.
my best friend slapped me and called me a some colorful words before telling me that she never wanted to talk to me again because I supposedly slept with her boyfriend.
Not only am I a virgin, but I'm a lesbian.
I was typing up a love letter on my computer.
A sexual love letter.
I was in a classroom, I'm the teacher, I'm gay, and my love letter showed up on the tv screen while my 7th grade students were taking a test.
It was up on the screen for 15 minutes.
my mother got a call from our old high school saying that they had fifteen freshmen boys in his office with a nude photo of me on their phones.
I had sent that photo only to my boyfriend.
Apparently he loves to share me.
my teacher confiscated my cell phone for text messaging.
He said he would give it back if the next text that I would receive was important.
I prayed the guy I've been texting didn't send the dick pic he said he was going to.
He did.
I was having phone sex with my boyfriend.
About halfway through he went really quiet and started breathing heavily.
I thought he was about to climax until I discovered he had fallen asleep.
I was sleeping because I had been sick.
The closest bathroom to mine is the one in my parents room.
I wake up and feel like I have to throw up, I run into my parents room to go to the bathroom.
I walk in on my parents having sex.
Shocked, I gasp for air then throw up all over their bed.
my boyfriend and I ordered sex toys online and had them delivered to my dorm room.
I put my parents' address for the billing information because I didn't want the bill sent to my dorm after I moved out.
The toys were sent to my parents house instead.
I was teasing my boyfriend telling him that my butt was so much cuter than his and that at least mine wasn't smelly stinky or hairy.
Then he said yeah, I just wish that your vag was the same way.
my boyfriend and I decided to try anal sex.
When he was done, I turned around to see him holding a strap-on with a smile on his face and said 'Now, do me'.
I saw my ex-girlfriend across the street.
I was walking with a girl whom I'd been hooking up with and wanted to make my ex-girlfriend jealous.
I kissed her and she immediately smacked me.
I got a ha-ha text message from my ex.
I met a guy at a bar and we went back to my room.
We start having sex and about 30 seconds in he stops and says it's not right - he likes me too much for a one night stand.
He gives me his number, a kiss on the cheek and leaves.
Turns out he already came.
I call his phone - wrong number.
my boyfriend and I were fooling around.
I was sitting up on my bed when he reached down near my privates and said, Wow babe, did you shave today? It's so soft.
.
.
He was actually touching my bottom roll above my vagina which delightfully formed a crease.
I decided to practice putting a condom on with my mouth.
Then my roommate walked in on me using my mouth to roll a condom onto a banana.
we were fooling around and I was just about to orgasm when she looks at my clock and says I have to go LOST is on in 20 minutes.
I went to get a condom because my boyfriend and I were going to have sex for the first time.
When I opened the drawer, I saw that every single condom had a Jesus pin stabbed through it, and a note on top of the box: love mom.
my hard drive on my computer crashed with all of my files on it.
I took it to my Dad, who is a computer analyst, to see if he could recover anything.
The only thing that he could salvage was my illustrious collection of porn.
my guy friend and I were in his dorm room watching a movie when he started kissing me.
Things heated up so we moved things over to his bed.
He was on me when a hand shoots down from his top bunk.
His roommate had been up there the whole time and he wanted a high-five.
So they high-fived.
while working on a medical school application, I asked my mom what she thought my greatest challenge in life had been.
She replied : Trying to lose your virginity.
I was on an Easyjet flight, next to two attractive girls, listening to a track which starts with a woman pleasuring herself.
I don't like this track so I go to skip it but accidentally unplug my headphones, activating my phone speakers and revealing the said woman at the peak of her orgasm.
me and my girlfriend were watching some show about sex on the discovery channel.
The topic of female orgasms came up and she said, Wow, I wonder what that's like? We've been dating and sexually active for three years.
I called my boyfriend crying to tell him I had the most terrible day.
He said I should come over, and he would make me feel better.
I said I just want to snuggle, and I was impressed with his sincerity.
Then he said, Can we snuggle.
.
.
with my dick in you?
I went to chill with my best guy friend and his girlfriend, whom I recently met after I moved to the area.
After a few beers, my buddy leaned over and tried to make out with me.
I quickly backed up and shockingly looked over at his girlfriend to expect the same reaction.
She winked.
I was talking to my 81-year-old widowed grandmother on the phone, and she told me she was giving up sex for lent.
Not only do I now have a vision of my grandma having sex, I am reminded that she is having more sex than me.
I went to the Doctors and the nurse asked if I was married, in which I responded yes.
Then she asked if I was sexually active.
.
.
no.
I was discussing sex with my guy friends in their dorm when I asked one of them what he would do if I got naked and crawled into his bed.
He replied, Nothing.
You're one of the guys now.
They all agreed.
my mum came home from a business trip.
My four-year-old brother, who I'd been watching, told her I was sexing my boyfriend a lot after I put him to bed.
After lots of arguing, she banned me from seeing him and took my car away.
Only much later did I realize my brother meant texting.
my mom says to me You and your dad like all the same foods right? Try this for me, then gives me a strawberry flavored jelly.
I say that it tastes good and ask why she made me try it.
She then says, I want to surprise your dad tonight, I'm going to cover myself in the stuff.
I accidentally walked in on my girlfriend masturbating so I said to her, Need a hand with that? to which she replied I'm doing fine here on my own, don't ruin it.
I went to the store to buy some condoms for my girlfriend, Kim and I.
I was in a rush and when I looked at the cashier realized it was her father.
Nervous and hoping to reassure him, I go don't worry, I'm not using these with Kim.
That didn't help.
for my birthday my boyfriend bought me a sexy outfit to wear for him.
At the bottom of the bag was a razor.
my girlfriend told me she wanted me to be her first and last.
.
.
with plenty of people in between.
while I was making out with my boyfriend, he left my dorm suddenly without telling me where he was going.
A few hours later, he texted me to tell me that being with me made him feel dirty and he had gone to confession.
He then called me a sinner.
I went to the Doctor with my parents.
When the doctor asked if I was sexually active, I said 'Yes.
' My mom laughed and said 'Good one.
' My dad, for added effect said, 'Your hand doesn't count.
'
I was giving my boyfriend a blowjob (I don't normally do it because I have a fear of getting squirt in the eye).
Afterwards, I went to suck a lemon to get the taste out of my mouth.
Sure enough, I bite the wrong spot and get lemon juice shot right into my eye.
my boyfriend broke up with me.
He said I was way too good at sex so I must have lied about not having much experience, and he wouldn't be with someone who is hiding something.
WTF?
I was having sex with my girlfriend for the first time, and she asked me if I ever get made fun of in the locker room for my small penis.
My mom walked in on me and my 2 year crush about to have sex.
When she saw us she said oh I'll just wait outside, I know it wont be long anyway.
I jokingly told my Mom that I was having sex with my Professor.
Her response was, As long as you're getting A's honey! .
.
.
a 32 year old man I had been dating for a few months, finally took me to his place.
To my surprise, this bachelor had a huge and very clean home! Also, to my surprise, I met the REAL homeowner.
His grandmother, who came home early.
We were having sex on her couch at the time.
I called my girlfriend and she answered telling me how amazing the sex was last night and she can't wait to see me later.
I didn't see her last night.
I woke up after having had sex with my 4-year crush expecting to find him in bed next to me.
Instead, I found my cell phone with a text message from him that said you should really do something about the pimples on your ass.
I woke up happy because I'd met the man of my dreams at a bar.
We had shared an amazing night together.
I walked around my apartment, wondering where he'd went.
Turns out, he was gone.
So was my car.
I was doing a strip tease for my husband.
He asked me to stop.
my mom found a condom in my pocket while doing my laundry.
Instead of having the subsequent discussion about the birds and the bees my mother simply asked Who would have sex with you?
me and my boyfriend were hooking up while watching a movie.
Just as I was getting really into it, he told me to move my head.
He couldn't see the television.
I was masturbating on my inflatable air mattress that squeaks when you move.
Suddenly, my mom busted in my room to ask if I'm okay because she thought the squeaking was my crying.
I ripped my hands from my pants and turned on my side; she walked over and grabbed my hands to console me.
my mom cleaned up my room.
I had a drawer filled with condoms, 2 vibrators, and a bondage kit.
She organized the condoms and vibrators in a shoe box.
I was having sex with a girl I really like for the first time.
After a while I told her I was about to come.
Her response: Lucky you.
was the first time I had sex with a guy I really like.
I took off my shirt and my bra and he said wow, that's disappointing.
I walked into my room to find my mom had made my bed and done my laundry, for which I thanked her with a hug.
I laid down on the bed, stretched out my arms and realized my vibrator was still under the pillow where I had left it.
my group of friends, my girlfriend, and I were playing 'never have I ever.
' My girlfriend's turn came up and she went with, 'Never have I ever had an orgasm.
'
I realized the annoying squealing I hear every night isn't my guinea pig.
Apparently my brothers girlfriend makes that sound when they have sex.
I went to the doctor for my yearly checkup.
After getting my blood-pressure taken, my finger pricked, etc, the doctor began to ask me some questions.
When asked if I was sexually active, I responded Yes.
The doctor started laughing.
I finally hooked up with a boy I really liked.
We were lying in bed and my panties were already off when he asked me : Would you also have sex with me if you weren't drunk?.
I responded Yes! and asked him the same question, at which he responded : No, probably not.
at the end of a really long day my boyfriend was rubbing my back.
I told him I appreciated how sensitive he was being.
His response? I was just trying to figure out how to unhook your bra.
after some very passionate sex with my girlfriend, she exclaims that was amazing Drew.
.
.
She quickly tried to turn Drew into my actual name which does not sound a thing like Drew.
I had sex for the first time with a guy.
After he passionately made love to me, I turned to him and said you smell really good.
He turned to me and said You don't.
I had to call my mom and tell her about the insurance claim that is going to be coming through in the next couple weeks.
I spent the night in the hospital.
I'm allergic to lube.
I finally gave the guy I was with for over a year a blowjob.
Right after he tells me I don't want a girlfriend but I want you to be my best friend.
my dad told me to take my stress out by getting a girlfriend.
My mom laughed and said, no that won't work, just go jack off in the shower again.
I was hooking up with a girl in my apartment when I told her I didn't have a condom.
She started laughing and upon realizing my look of confusion, said Oh, you actually thought I was going to have sex with you?
I was giving my boyfriend a blow job, he was twitching and moving around and saying oh yeah then he said take that bitch.
I looked up to see he was only excited about how he is domination in Call of Duty 4.
my religious girlfriend of 8 months finally lets me have sex with her.
She invites me over, and just when we are about to do it, her dad comes home from work 3 hours early.
She said it is a sign from God that we have to wait.
I was hooking up with a guy for the first time and he told me I was in luck.
When I asked why he replied, I like little boobs.
my mother was driving me and my friends to a wedding.
My friends and I were talking about birth control, and then my mother chimes in, Yeah, I used to use the sponge, but the spermicide would always burn your dad's penis.
I texted this girl I really like and she didn't answer.
She did about two hours later and it said sorry I was having sex at the time you texted me.
So how are you?
as I was getting dressed after having sex with a guy I like, he told me I looked better with my clothes on.
my boss called me into his office to show me the web site of a potential business partner.
When he began to type 'virginia' into google, it auto-completed his search with his recent search for 'virgin boy assholes'.
I have to go on business trip with him tomorrow.
I'm a young guy.
I listened to my room mate having sex from 3 A.
M.
until 6 A.
M.
When I looked over at my girlfriend, who must have thought I was sleeping, I noticed she was masturbating.
while copying some stuff for school, I felt someone rubbing her boobs against my back.
I got a boner and when I looked to see who the hot chick was, I saw my fat friend rubbing his man boobs against my back.
I'm in Spain, and told the kids with whom I will be working that I was excited to be working with them.
Only the form of excitement I used apparently refers to sexual excitement.
Basically, I told the kids I was sexually aroused to be working with them.
I found out that when I masturbate at night while watching internet porn I cast a huge shadow on the curtain and the entire street is able to see it.
I was in the car with a group of my girl friends discussing sexual experiences when I looked down and realized my Blackberry had dialed the family I babysit for and had left a five minute voicemail.
while in our communal showers in the highschool football locker room, I started to swing my penis around because it feels good and I was alone.
Two minutes later the rest of the team hops into the shower with me.
30 dudes, one self-induced boner.
I heard my sister masturbating in her room.
I took the dog around the block to get out of the house, and I came back to see her leaving her room.
She had my electric toothbrush in her hand.
I was on the internet with my Dad looking up information about allergies.
I began to type 'allergies' into the Google Search Box and as I typed 'a', the phrase 'amazing sex positions' popped up as a search I had already looked up.
My Dad asked me if any of the positions worked out.
my on-and-off boyfriend of 8 years asked me to cheer him up.
I told him that I'm in love with him.
He said Oh, I just wanted a blowjob.
my husband found the box my morning after pill came in.
He had a vasectomy 10 years ago.
I drove my girlfriend home around 11 to her garage where we start to have sex.
When she comes to climax she slips and hits her head.
Her parents heard the crash and came down, we were both still naked and she was unconscious.
I visited my 78 year old grandmother.
She thanked me for visiting and gave me a magazine before I left telling me I might find something I like in there.
When I got home I looked at the magazine only to realize it's full of dildos and sextoys.
I was having sex with my girlfriend.
Mid-thrust she says I love you, Jeremy.
Then in rapid succession, she fires off 2 other names.
None of the names were mine.
on my way home from watching a movie with a girl, I began having an erection because I thought I could kiss her goodnight.
She dropped me off at home, and with my full blown erection, I walked in front of her car with the headlights on.
my girlfriend was about to give me a blowjob.
When her lips met my penis, there was a huge static shock.
I never got the blowjob, she is still laughing and I have ice on my penis.
I was having sex with my boyfriend.
When he was about to orgasm, he screamed Yes Brittany! at the top of his lungs.
My name's not Brittany.
That's his sister.
I sent my best friend Mike the link to a porn site we were talking about at a party.
Turns out the name Mom is right next to Mike in my contacts list.
I decided to send my boyfriend a pic text of me naked.
I accidentally sent it to my dad and got a text back saying, You definitely take after your mom.
I had just gotten over the flu and thought I was better.
So me and my boyfriend decided to have sex.
As I was about to orgasm, I puked all over his face.
He was so disgusted that he ended up throwing up on me as well.
my wife left me the following voicemail: “Alex, last night was amazing.
You took me to places I’ve never been to before.
I can’t wait to see you tonight after work.
” My name is Rob.
We haven’t had sex in two years.
my girlfriend gave me a blow-up doll and told me to practice.
I heard a man pleasuring himself in the stall next to me during my post lunch deuce.
I was washing my hands when my boss walked out of the stall.
I can no longer look at him in the face.
it was the first time I ever saw a vagina in person.
It was during medical school training on how to do a pelvic exam.
I was at the strip club.
I put my dollar on the stage.
When the stripper came over to take it, she stood me up and flipped my tits and said I had bigger ones than her.
I'm a guy.
I turned on my camera to find pictures of my dad's secretary giving him a blowjob.
Minutes later, I hear a scream from another room as my 12-year-old sister discovers similar pictures on HER camera.
Mom and dad say it's no big deal.
my inebriated boyfriend and I were having sex.
He rolls off of me without finishing, and says, i'm bored.
I had a sexy dream, woke up and started to masturbate quite vigorously.
When I finished, I hopped off the top bunk naked to see my brother and his girlfriend laying in the bottom bunk.
when my boyfriend was about to orgasm, I suddenly sneezed all over his face.
I walked in on my porn addicted roommate watching a gynecologist exam online.
He asked me to watch it with him.
I finally got the chance to sleep with a girl from home who I'd wanted for a long time.
She has low blood pressure problems though, and when things got hot, she passed out while she was on top of me, fell and hit her head on the night stand.
I was having sex with a guy that I just met, and when I thought he was about to orgasm, he actually had an asthma attack.
my girlfriend's guinea pig managed to go down her shirt.
I have been dating her for 3 weeks and I haven't even kissed her yet.
two girls invited me up to their room at 3 am.
As soon as we pressed the up button on the elevator, the fire alarm went off.
the girl I'm in love with told me she might be a lesbian.
She then asked me if I wanted to have sex with her.
I asked if she was 100% sure she was a lesbian? Her reply was: No, I just think you'd be a good transition.
I had just opened up some porn on my laptop when my mom walked into my room, so I slammed the laptop shut.
I didn't know the speakers continue to function after the laptop is closed.
I received an email invitation to a dating web site.
It was from my father-in-law.
I was having sex with a girl.
After we'd finished, she tells me she already had a boyfriend and that his penis was larger then mine.
my girlfriend asked if her friend Alex from high school could join in with us and we could have an amazing threesome.
As a horny dude how could I say no? Turns out Alex is also a guys name.
I realized that the dog humping my leg was the most action I've gotten in months.
I sent my boyfriend some nude pics of me.
Later I get a text from my dad asking me when I had gotten a tattoo.
I drove an hour in a rainstorm to go see my boyfriend.
Thirty minutes and a blow job later, he tells me he's going to meet some friends for dinner in half an hour then kicks me out of his house.
It's still raining.
I am staying with my grandmother and overheard her having phone sex.
I was masturbating to a girl with huge tits on the internet.
I then scrolled down and found out she had a penis.
I walked in on my Mum and Dad having sex and didn't even realize what they were doing until she shouted at him to go harder.
I made my new girlfriend orgasm for the first time.
All she said after was I drooled a little.
I slept with this new guy for the first time.
After sex, he said the doggie style position was fun, it made him wonder what it would be like to rape a girl.
I masturbated 3 times to the thought of my wife because we don't have sex anymore.
I was playing with 3 kids I look after.
The middle one has just learned about sex and started chanting that I had done it with the eldest as a joke.
We were in the garden and the neighbours heard.
Now I am fired, have to leave the house and am being investigated by the police.
I had SEXtra-Credit with my Spanish teacher after my exams.
I got a C+ on the exam.
I was with the guy I am seeing and I were fooling around in my room.
I asked him if he wanted to have sex.
He said he didn't have time because he had to go play Mario Kart.
I tried to befriend the lonely boy who sits at the end of my table at lunch.
He always sleeps or does homework during lunch.
I walked over to him, tripped, and spilled my open bottle of water on his jeans.
I then preceded to apologize profusely and wiped off his pants with napkins.
He got hard.
I just had sex with this random guy.
As he was sleeping next to me, I checked his facebook messages and saw that he sent a message to one of his buddies asking what kind of lotion helps get rid of crabs.
I woke up with the worst hangover of my life.
My best friend comes over and informs me that I had sex with my girlfriend's two best friends last night.
Awesome! Then I realized her best friends are guys.
I was sexiled.
So that my roommate and the boy who I confessed my love to two days before could hook up.
I thought I was giving a woman the orgasm of a lifetime until I realized that she was telling me to stop pulling her hair.
I was having sex with my girlfriend and accidentally called her Brad (one of my roomates name) when I came.
Now her and her friends think i'm gay and my roomate Brad moved out.
I was at a bar in Canada and was really hitting it off with a girl.
She asked how big my junk was and I told her in inches.
.
.
They use centimeters.
my nephew asked me how babies are made.
I thought he'd had this chat with his mom, but I went in to it again.
After a 20 minute 'discussion', he says So what about the good stuff - get to the blowjobs and the lesbians.
He's 11.
my boyfriend told me he watched True Life I'm Pregnant.
Now I know why we haven't been having sex.
I almost had an orgasm.
Unfortunately, he had one first.
I was in bed next to the boy I loved, he had just came and passed out immediately afterwards.
I reached over to look at my phone but grabbed his instead and saw a text message from his ex-girlfriend that read I love you too.
I was having sex with my girlfriend and as I pulled out to finish I slipped and ended up punching her in the stomach, I came while she was writhing in pain.
I finally broke my two year dry spell, but as she was putting on the condom, I came.
She laughed from the time she was putting on her clothes to when she walked out the door.
I don't think she's going to call back.
my boyfriend fell asleep during phone sex.
I went to surprise my boyfriend in the shower.
I opened the door and there was a giant shit in the open toilet.
I pretended I was looking for my hairbrush.
I tried to suck my own penis.
Autofellatio.
My mother walked in on me and I flipped backwards off the bed.
ER and 10 stiches above my eyebrow later, I asked her not to ever bring it up again.
the pharmacy lady wished me a happy birthday.
I was buying the morning after pill.
I was talking to my mom about my younger brother getting his girlfriend pregnant.
She asked me how old I was when I first had sex.
I'm a 21 year old virgin.
I promised my best friend I wouldn't let her hook up with any guys (she got an STD a few weeks ago).
After we tossed a few back she led about 30 people in a chant of cockblock after I wouldnt let her go home with some random dude.
after a night of heavy drinking, I woke up in my best friend's, spooning her.
The guy she had hooked up with was on her other side.
my girlfriend said she didn't want to have sex because it takes too long.
I was masturbating lying on the lower bed of my brother's and my bunk beds.
I finished jacking off and tried to get up to clean myself I hit my head on metal panel of the upper bed and passed out.
Later woke up in my bed.
.
.
found out my parents came home and saw me passed out naked holding a porn mag.
I found out that after drunkenly falling asleep at a guy's house, I not only slept-walked in his house, but I went upstairs into his parents room.
And used their bathroom.
I don't remember any of this, but his mom does.
I was doing a striptease for this guy over my webcam.
I was shaking my ass while taking off my panties, but when they fell to my feet, I tripped over them and fell on my ass.
I went to Target to buy some soap and this 65-70 year old woman next to me was asking a sales associate if they had any bubble bath mix.
I suddenly pictured her naked, bathing herself and suddenly my dick just couldn't sit still.
It's probably because I haven't had sex in over 22 months.
in class, I asked my teacher for a rubber.
I didn't realise that in America rubber doesn't mean eraser, it means condom.
I was sitting on the couch, computer next to me, lotion on the floor, and my dick in my hand when my roommate walked in on me.
Scared and looking me right in the face he says What's for dinner?.
my parents woke me up in the middle of the night when they got in a huge argument and started yelling at each other.
I was up all night.
They decided to make it up to each other.
They kept me up all night again.
I am down to 3 euros.
My mother just stole the last two euros from me.
I asked what she needed them for? Condoms.
My mother can have safe sex.
I can't buy lunch tomorrow.
my boyfriend took me out to a nice seafood dinner where we had some great crab legs.
Later tonight we drove down to the beach and started messing around.
He started touching me.
.
.
with his hands still covered in salty crab juice.
I was jerking one off and my cat jumped out of nowhere and dug his claws into my shaft.
Attempting to knock him away resulted in three nasty gashes.
.
.
that I now have to explain to my wife.
my girlfriend offered a blow job, but my hair got stuck in her braces so instead we tried to pull them all out.
And no, I didn't get any.
I tried viagra for the first time.
That was at noon, I still have an erection.
I decided to jack it a few times because I haven't been laid in a while.
After round 3 my ex called me up and said she wanted to 'talk.
'  When she came over she made it abundantly clear that she wanted to make whoopie.
Couldn't get it up.
I just got done reading all the healthy benefits that come with sex.
One of them is higher self-esteem.
Then I remembered that I haven't had sex in 15 months.
the guy I've had a crush on for a while called me and asked me over.
I took a cab to his place and when I got there he was dressed in leather and wore a mask.
.
.
It took me a 20 dollar cab fare to realize my crush is a freak.
all I wanted was stress-relief sex with the guy I sleep with.
Instead, I was so exhausted from my day that he thought I wasn't into it and ended up just talking to me about what we're going to do after college.
Trading a booty call for a meaningful and heartfelt discussion.
my younger brother and my parents were in my dorm room.
When I wasn't looking, my brother opened the top drawer of my dresser (where I had a tube of half-used lube) and asked out loud: What's Astroglide?
my mom asked me for advice on how to give a good blow job.
I'm a guy.
my partner and I were informed by the man we had a three-way with, the first one after having finally screwed up the courage to do it, that he has mono.
I don't feel so good.
I realized that instead of actually trying to get a job, save money, lose weight, and get thin so I could maybe attempt to date again; I'd rather spend my money on a Fleshlight.
I woke up with a hangover and my girlfriend seemed pissed at me.
It took me a while before I remembered having sex the night before.
I just didn't know exactly what had happened after that had pissed her off.
Then I realized nothing happened, because I fell asleep while she was on top of me.
I was having a cybersex chat with a girl on a website whilst at work.
I noticed my colleague who sits next to me start cracking up with laughter.
Turned out it was him I was chatting with and he was winding me up.
Worst thing is it had given me a stiffy.
I had to give a speech in front of my class and during my speech I had to say the words But six; however, because of my accent it sounded like Butt sex.
For the remainder of the day I was frequently asked about Butt sex.
my man and I were having sex on edge of bed.
We were using chocolate spread and I was riding him.
When we were done, he got up and I noticed a long brown line on the edge of the bed.
I knelt down to smell it.
It was NOT chocolate.
my boyfriend and I were looking for our bubblegum flavored numbing lotion to have some morning fun.
We couldnt find it anywhere.
After about 10 minutes, my little nephew comes from my room crying and drool coming out of his mouth.
He smelt like bubblegum, his mouth and tongue were all numb.
I signed up on one of those cheater dating sites.
I ended up meeting my own girlfriend.
I was doing a local search at SexSearch.
com and I found my sister's profile.
I was just taking a wank with my laptop on low battery.
Almost finished when my laptop died.
it's been 2 weeks since I lost my virginity and I've already had sex with 3 guys.
I think I'm a nympho.
I can hear my parents having sex in the next room.
my girlfriend confessed to me that she wants to dress me up with her clothes, with wig and makeup!
my mother was vacuuming my room and found a towel under my bed.
She asked why does it smell so bad? I replied sweat.
me and my sister hear a buzzing noise in our parent's bedroom.
We go to investigate.
It's coming from a drawer.
We open it up.
Battery operated dildo.
my girlfriend has big fake boobs, but gets offended when I tell her how much I like them.
I went onto my computer and found a cyber sex conversation between my sister and my girlfriend.
my girlfriend left a message on my phone.
It was just the sounds of her having sex with somebody.
I just found out that my brother in law and his wife frequent a swingers establishment that me and the wife have visited.
Which is OK I suppose (providing we never see each other there) but he told me his parents go there too.
I send a text message to my ex-boyfriend, who dumped me four months ago, telling him to come back.
His answer: feeling-wise I won't come back to you, but sexually, why not.
feeling romantic and overwhelmed with love, I told my fiancee: I don't know what I'd do without you.
.
.
.
She replied: Well, you'd wank.
I made love to my girlfriend.
I penetrated her for a while, then stopped to get my breath back.
.
.
She carried on moaning even though I'd stopped moving.
I was jerking off in the train washroom when the ticket inspector knocked at the door.
I was nearly done so I didn't open right away.
I didn't think he would have the key…I found myself face to face with him and three other passengers.
The worst being I didn't have a ticket.
I was browsing the internet and I found a picture of my girlfriend on uglypeople.
com.
I had sex with a girl who cried out as she came Forgive me Lord! Forgive me Lord!
I was jacking off casually to a picture of my ex-girlfriend, when all of the sudden, my friend sends me an IM picture of a granny bending over which pops up on my screen.
I think my sex life is ruined forever.
whilst reading all 15 pages of this site over my shoulder my french girlfriend asks me for translations such as 'what is buttsex?', 'what is wanking' and 'what means farted?'
I surprise my girlfriend by turning up at her flat on her twenty-fourth birthday.
She gets up from the couch as I enter and I shout: Tonight, my cock is going to stab you twenty-four times! (Okay, that's not smart).
That's when her father glances over from the couch and greets me.
I caught my cat humping my dog while he was asleep.
I'm sleeping with the door closed from now on.
my boyfriend and I had the house to ourselves.
We started getting a little frisky when we discovered we out of condoms.
After a quick run to the store, we found ourselves locked out of the house.
Now we have condoms, but no way to use them.
during foreplay with my boyfriend, I put my legs around his neck.
He pushed them away violently, shouting, Bloody hell, it's prickling me! I'd shaved the day before.
I wanted to wake up my sweetheart with a surprise blowjob.
He surprised me as well with a knee to the stomach.
I decided to spend a night of love with my darling, so I arranged to meet him in a very classy hotel, gave him the room number and waited in a super-sexy outfit.
There was a knock at the door, so I opened it enticingly, convinced it was him.
It was room service.
my boyfriend told me in a very natural way that my mother is better at sex than me.
after having waited three long months, my shy girlfriend finally gave me a blowjob.
Everything was going really well until I said, Wow, you're really talented.
Anyone would think you've been practicing your whole life.
and for the third time, a tender and loving man that I've just met tries to convince me to have buttsex.
What's wrong with them all?!
I realised that the steamy photos that I took with my ex a few months ago had not been erased from his father's camera.
I discovered that my 15 year old girl had hidden a disgusting porn film in the future career folder.
my girlfriend told me that I was irrationally jealous.
I’ve just learnt that she has a website where she masturbates in front of a webcam.
I introduced my boyfriend to my parents.
We all looked together at family photos on the computer.
The first picture was a close up of my mother, bare breasts in full view.
well actually last night, I did a full striptease for my girlfriend to You can leave your hat on.
When the song was over, I was then completely naked, she says to me : Maybe we should have closed the shutters!
my dad surprised me by moving my bed (involving disassembling and reassembling it) in my new room, because I couldn't find how I wanted to set it up.
He also took care of putting back my vibrator between the mattress and the base, where it was hidden.
I haven't had sex for so long that my condoms have gone off.
I heard my next door neighbour screaming as if someone's trying to slice her throat.
Her window was open.
Intrigued, I go onto my balcony and ask in a loud voice if everything's ok and if she needs anything.
Her and her boyfriend shout back in unison: We're F*ing, go away.
I was performing the classic 69 position with my girlfriend.
I wasn't able to control it : I farted right into her nose.
I was looking for a magazine in my mother's bedside cabinet and I came across some daft test about sex.
Apparently, my mother likes anal, oral, and my dad's cock is bent.
Nauseous.
in one of the corridors at univeristy, I was pretending to have passionate sex with one of my lecturers to make my mates laugh.
She passed just behind me, reminding me at the same time the date of my next oral exam.
She will be marking me.
we had the (great?) idea of having sex on a bean bag before my roomate got back home.
Result: thousands of small polystyrene balls all over the living room.
And no, they can't be picked up in 30 minutes.
my neighbor turned down his loud music that he's been playing for months, only to turn on a porn movie at maximum volume.
whilst chatting with my mum on MSN, she unintentionally sent me an animated emoticon of a penis jerking off repeatedly.
I don't even want to know the type of conversation she was having.
whilst doing it with my girlfriend she goes :are you done any time soon?
after a tremendously hot night with a guy I met the night before, I ask him his phone number.
To which he replied: What for?
my girlfriend came home with new condoms: Manix Endurance containing a numbing gel designed to help me last longer.
my 14-year-old little sister asked me how I felt when I had my first sexual intercourse.
I told her it was personal and was none of her business.
She then looked at me and said I thought it was nice.
I'm 19 and I'm still a virgin.
when I woke up, my husband was already up.
Thinking I hear him in the hall I shout out come on, don't be shy, bring that cock in here right now!.
A voice replies: he's gone out to get some bread.
It was my mother in law.
after making love to my girlfriend, I realised that the phone was on the bed and because of the movements, it called my dad by itself.
It went to voicemail.
My dad will soon have all the details.
I was making love with my girlfriend and my landline rang.
Obviously, I let it go to voicemail.
At the very moment I was about to cum, I heard my mum's voice on my voicemail: Hi sweetheart!
I sent a text message to my girlfriend telling her how much I wanted to make love to her tonight.
I've just realized I sent it to her brother.
I took advantage of the fact that my wife was sleeping to watch a porn film on my computer.
I put headphones on so that she wouldn't hear.
It wasn't until she came out of her bedroom that I realised I hadn't plugged them in properly.
right after sex, my girlfriend apologized to the neighbor for the screaming.
He thanked her for the entertainment.
I remember the first night I spent with my first english boyfriend.
I'm french.
When we woke up I said with my most sexy voice oh, I'm so Dirty!.
It's only when he left, that I finally understood the look on his face : I wanted to have a glass of water, I was THirsty not dirty.
my mum was watching a program about sexually transmitted diseases.
Later on she starts telling me that I should be careful and use the right protection when having sex.
Suddenly she stops and says « Actually I don’t know why I’m telling you this, after all you don’t have a boyfriend! » and walks away.
I just woke up next to the most unpopular girl in school.
Damn Vodka.
the girl I'm secretly in love with, whom I was talking to on MSN, told me she'd brb in 10, no wait 20, oh make that 30 min depending on her boyfriend's stamina.
after a party, I brought a girl to the flat I share with my 2 best friends.
While we are doing it, she asks me You're not afraid your friends could hear us?.
The only answer that spontaneously came out of my mouth: Don't worry, they're used to it.
we had some family over.
A nasty need to wank seized me when I saw her : my 17 year old cousin.
I went to my unoccupied parents’ bedroom.
My sister's baby walkie talkie was  on and the whole family heard me.
I heard my sister having a fuck.
the real estate guy came with potential buyers to visit my house.
He opened my bedroom while I was wanking.
Hey guys! Dallen and I are wrapping up the conference today and then training down to NYC for our marathon meetings tomorrow. Dallen has really killed it out here -- the ration of vendors to employers is 6 to 1, but Dallen has basically talked with every employer, and gotten some killer demos lined up. We also had a fantastic meeting with Towers Watson yesterday with their head of strategic partnerships (looks like the giant ER app contract is a go) and I'm headed back there in an hour to do another show and tell for a bunch of senior folks. Also yesterday, we went to HPI and met with their entire C-Suite and most of their VPs (I think 12 people) and it was a super-fan sesh. Our champions think we can get that nearly 400k ARR contract buttoned up by the end of the month, so that was a win as well.
I hear rumblings of good things happening over there -- thanks for keeping up the good work!
@all I have a data meeting with Fidelity at 10 cst so I will miss stand-up.  Yesterday I finished landing the data received thus far for Fender.  i.e., Med claims, Rx claims, UHC eligibility and Fender census data.  Today I will continue to comb through the data, load DW dimensional tables (e.g., Employee Office, etc.) and work on conforming processes.
cool, we won't bother with the Hangout then, I guess?  Just here in person.
sounds like a good idea
oh. ok.....
No cigarette lighter in that car. #firehazard
is this a serious video?
I could take the first 30 seconds and so easily make this into an onion video...
Craftsman have to have ponytails, or how would we know how "aesthetically on point" they are?!
